Whole Vottery Platform Gamification
Technically, this is the act of Gamifying a portion of Vottery’s revenue or marketing budget to the whole or all platform users (Viewers, voters, subscribers, content creators, advertisers,members, groups, e.t.c) monthly.
Platform Gamification business model is not like the conventional lotteries but an exceptional one, as the customers/voters/audience do not pay separate or extra money for lottery but enjoys that chances to win the prize money by simply being a user and falling into one or many of the categories of users below.
API Access: Individuals and Companies can use This our platform Gamification software for their marketing campaign strategy or something, in their own platforms, through our API Access Keys. This of course has the capacity to increase their brand awareness and attract and increase their customer/subscriber base and keep them loyal.
Make it suitable for Platforms that have Customers/Users/Viewers/Subscribers/Members/Fans bases.
    
Features of Platform Gamification
1.User’s inclusion qualification: For each user to be included in the monthly Gamification pool, they just have to be the platform user, that is all. This is the default setting.
 Fully Random winner outcome (the Default setting)
However, we (Vottery) or Platform Gamification API users can partially control and manage, which section of their users gets to win the monthly prizes by selecting the other features below 
2.Percentization of users by Country, Continent, Gender, MAUs, DAUs, Premium buyers, Subscribers, Advertisers, Content/Election Creators and others : This back-end function (which should be operational from the Admin Panel) allows us to percentize the lucky winners outcome.
 Percentize winner outcome (when it is selected, it shows the options below, and there we can select one or multiple percentization options)
 By Country  - When selected the list of all the countries in the world will come out with input boxes to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes each Country. Here, we can select just one country or multiple Countries. 
 By Continent - When selected the seven continents options will come out with input boxes to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to each continent. 
 By Gender - When selected the two Genders (Male and Female) options will come out with input boxes to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their male and female users. 
 By Monthly Active users (A logged-in visit or interaction (like, post, comment), at least once within a rolling 30-day period) - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their MAUs .
 By Daily Active users (A logged-in visit or interaction (like, post, comment) at least once within a rolling 24-hours period)  - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their DAUs.
 By Premium Buyers  - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their Premium buyers.
 By Subscribers  - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their Subscribers.
 By Advertisers  - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their Advertisers.
 By Content/Election Creators  - When selected the input box will come out, to choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their Content/Election Creators.
 Others  - When selected the “Others - definition area-box and percentage input box will come out, to define the others, and choose or input how many percent of the monthly prizes goes to their others. Here, when he defines the “others” the system AI pick it up and do the filtering on the database, putting all users that matches the definition in that “others” category.

For example, when the above feature is perfectly built, we will be able to produce a month prize winners outcome below;
 USA 19%, Germany, 9%, UK 5%, the rest of Europe Continent 14%, China 10%, India 9%, Japan 9%, the rest of Asian contitent 9%, Brazil 2%, the rest North and South America Continent 7%, Nigeria 2%, and the rest of African Continent 5%, Male 50%, female 50%, MAUs 30%, DAUs 65%, Premium buyers 10%, Subscribers 15%, Advertisers 15%, Content/Election Creators 30%, and others 5%.
We can also be one Country focused this month and next month tweak it into multi-national focused. In other words, the system should have flexible allowance to play with that number percentization and change them anyhow we want on every month/quarter/week winning circle. This allows us to use this as a tool to attract and boost the market of a certain countries, continents, male, famale, e.t.c by increasing the winner percentage.
More so, we can drastically increase the percentage of female winners or make it 100% female winners, especially on the months of Valentine's Day and the month of mother’s or women’s day. And can do the same on father’s or men’s day for men.
Again, we can drastically increase the lucky winners percentages of the premium users. For e.g, premium users 85% and non-premium winners 15%. And so on.
3.Winning prize rename-ability, Prize changing and Logo Branding: Vottery users or the Platform Gamification API users, will have the ability to name and rename the monthly winning prizes, change (increase or decrease) Prize money and insert Logo or branding into it.
For e.g., as a passionate universal basic income advocate, I will likely decide to brand or name my winning prices “Vottery UBI” (Vottery Universal Basic Income).  So the system design should give the allowance to name and rename the winning price at will to. For Example;
 (Company’s brand name) UBI
 (Company’s brand name) Made Millionaires
 (Company’s brand name) Whatever - They can rename it to any name that suits their brand or campaign. 
UBI Advocacy Program through User Base Gamification and Giveback 
vottery’s users/ UBI - Universal Basis Income Every month, for 12 months, Which can be $1,300 monthly for 12 months or one off prize payment.
Other Platform Gamification features are;

Live-streaming data
In-depth reporting and statistics
User management
Pre-defined customer groups

Multiple languages support
Ready-to-deploy campaigns
High-conversion marketing tools
Ability increase or decrease or set (flexibly at will) how much money that is Gamified to the users 


Lucky Winners: To get the Lucky Winners, user’s unique profile ID or usernames will all be cast into an automated RNG Slot Machine, that will produce the Lucky winners at an exact particular scheduled pattern and time. 

Platform Display: The Platform Gamification display board or spot, should take or sit at the best position spot of the platform, displaying the amount of money to be won and the number of users that will win the prizes monthly/Weekly/Quarterly. It should be designed to; 

Always appear and stay on the Home page and profile page of every user, for the users to constantly or repeatedly see, as the numbers increases or decreases.
Be one of the most premium or expensive Ad spot for Advertisers.

Example of the Display spot will have information like;

Vottery January 2026 Gamified Users’ Prizes $23,000,000
Number of $1M Winners: 3
Number of $100k Winners: 200

In Association with Pepsi or which ever Company or brand that bidded and bought that particular expensive Ad spot (with their Brand Logo or Trademark attachement/upload)

Then a contantly spining “Slot machine” below or at the botton of this Spot, that will 
generate the lucky winners (users) at the choosen date and time.


This is just an example, the design setting should make it possible to change the prize money numbers and the lucky users numbers and the name.


Admin Panel & Disable/Enable Function: This Platform Gamification software should be efficiently implemented or integrated to be operational at the Admin Panel, and it should have the Disable/Enable fucntion, that will allow us to completely disable it when we want and enble it when we want.
